Added instructions for firewalld (#14)
nginxinc/nginx-plus-router: docs/nginx-oss-router-install.md

## 4. Access the Stub Status Page

> 1. By default, the NGINX stub status page is available via port 1936 on each of the infra nodes where the Router is running (you can change this port with the `STATS_PORT` env variable). To access the page outside of the node, you need to add an entry to the IPtables for firewalld rules for that node:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. By default, the NGINX stub status page is available via port 1936 on each of the infra nodes where the Router is running (you can change this port with the `STATS_PORT` env variable). To access the page outside of the nodes, open the port in the firewall using **iptables** or **firewall-cmd** on those nodes:
```

>     IPtables

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    iptables:
```

    ```
    $ sudo iptables -I OS_FIREWALL_ALLOW -p tcp -s <ip range> -m tcp --dport 1936 -j ACCEPT 
    ```
    

>     Firewalld

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    firewall-cmd:
```
